Castlevania to simon's quest may be a
pretty bad game but it is God compared
to dr. Jekyll and mr. Hyde that game is
just the epitome of bad now I know
you've played a lot of bad games before
but no let me tell you that game is bad
I mean it's like Castlevania to you
expect it to be no it's like you expect
it to be good because it's one of the
Castlevania games it's a sequel but it's
such a disappointment that is such a
fucking piece of shit but dr. Jekyll and
mr. Hyde a lot of other Nintendo games
there aren't any expectations to be had
there are no disappointments to be made
because they're just you know rare
obscure games like mick kids or a tax
man or whatever but dr. Jekyll mr. Hyde
you play at once and you're haunted for
life I mean I'm traumatized after
playing it I can't believe how bad it is
I mean it's bad that's why I'm coming in
front of the camera right now to show
you with my own face how fucking bad it
is I mean Simon's quest you heard the
sincerity in my voice and I'll see his
sincerity in my eyes this game is
fucking horrible he's fucking horrible I
mean it's like pong is better pong is
only like three lines in a ball those
are no electronic tiger-like risks games
those are better than dr. Jekyll and mr.
Hyde it makes no fucking sense it's like
what were they thinking like I seriously
can't believe how bad that fucking game
is is so bad that i'm not even going to
show it to you because it's just
maybe you need some kind of proof maybe
I should show you some clips from the
game it's going to be really hard though
I just don't want to even play it right
now I really don't want to play it I
don't even well look at that fucking
BOTS thinning cases that piece of shit
that games fucking bad
I'm going to show it to you though just
to prove how bad it is but I warn you
though here goes here it is here's the
piece of shit game
so not worth the time
okay first of all who are these guys
trying to kill you why do you walk some
slow and the staff doesn't do anything
see I'm trying to kill this guy with the
staff and it doesn't work why would they
give you a weapon if you can't even use
it like imagine like in Zelda if you
couldn't use your sword and look at this
thing you die and then you turn into
like mr. Hyde I guess start running
around punching people and throwing shit
and then for no reason you just die like
lightning will strike like real
spontaneous then you're dead and then
the game is over what the fuck is that
shit all right you've seen the game now
that should satisfy all your curiosity
if you are curious enough to play it
just do yourself a favor and don't I
mean if you're like a hardcore Nintendo
fan as I am and you have to have every
single game in your collection please do
yourself an enormous favor and just stay
the fuck away from this awful piece of
shit I mean don't even buy it like used
for like a penny or whatever I mean that
shiny gold copper is gonna be worth a
fortune someday compared to this awful
steaming pile of goat should I mean
don't even downloaded like no matter how
curious you are never played because
you'll be wishing for the rest of your
life you can invent a time machine and
go back to the day that you play this
game and just fucking kill yourself I
mean if you ever find the game if you
ever see the game smash it smash it with
a hammer smash it until every tiny
fragment is so small that it's invisible
I mean you rather superglue your asshole
shut to play this game you'd rather
drown and gasoline I mean
you know the thing is I think I'm joking
like I'm trying to be funny or something
the fact that that game exists is a
horrible abomination of mankind a game
is fucking horrible and I am not kidding
I am dead fucking serious dead fucking
serious